All right.
So now we're going to lift our state from the component level to the application level using context.
So we're going to move the post and categories.
So in this section you'll learn quite a lot about context.
So if you previously did feel too comfortable with context, by the time we we are done with this context,
post context, you'll feel much better.
You will get very good understanding.
So let's go.
So what are you basically trying to do is create a context called post.
We will also put the categories there and then the in the admin section.
So we have the post and category.
So here we going to use the context as listed.
So instead of having them here, it will be the context.
It will be used context to pretty much it's going to be fairly similar.
One, we are to many differences, but we're going to move this to the context and then some of the
categories.
So categories you can see here, we will move this to the context overall.
All right.
So let's first create the context and then we'll come back and welcome this basis
context.
Let's create a new file and it's called Forced Nazis.
And just to save some time, we can copy
probably.
Yeah, you can.
We can copy a thing, but it's this information symbol.
It's not much scarier and it's coming in here in the post context, let's face that.
So we just make some changes.
You see, in context, we change it to post context and to improve whenever we change it, to post for
a while.
And then we change our post.
Post.
All right.
So here we want to have in our state, we want to have post.
We want to call it post self post equals to use state.
And this time, in this context, we want to obviously have the array of posts.
All right.
So don't get confused.
We be using this name many times.
Post, post.
All right.
So it can get a bit confusing.
But this take it easy.
So this is a post context.
And in the context we would have the area post and also the array of categories, categories.
And so that's our state.
We will be able to update this state and we will be able to grab the value from this state.
All right.
And then we don't even need this one.
Nice and simple.
And here, when we pass the valley, we will be passing the post and to the post.
All right, so grab this area and replace this area with that one.
Okay, so we're passing the valley post and set post, and we render whichever component we receive
here to process.
So we don't even need to use effect.
So nice and simple.
So we have the post context.
Now, just to give it a try, just to make sure we are doing it right.
Well, let's go to the Bases Admin Index and it's fair to access that inside Post's Post Index.
So let me import use context.
So we need to use that actually before we can access there.
I think we have to go to produce and import that post context here, which we haven't done yet.
So let's do it first and then we can move on to.
I'm working the admin.
It's so important post provider from context post.
So once you have the provider, we wrap this one ask provider.
So let's collect these items and then use post provider.
And based this back again.
So now you get to we have three context.
We have three provider theme off and post.
Awesome.
So with this done, we can continue working in the admin post with.
So here we import use context and then we can import the post context.
From.
So he wants to have to step up.
Three.
Two components.
Certain components.
Context post.
All right.
So to use context, we can use this to use contexts and the value is going to be post context.
So that will give us the value boost that will be singular, I suppose, and say, okay, just let's
make sure we have it.
Yeah.
So we have the post and set post and within that we will be able to access the posts and categories.
Okay.
So we have the post and so post.
You can change that.
I guess you can change that to just sit pushed and this will push all the posts that you got from this
request.
So you will be now serving that post in the context.
I wanted to mention it.
So now instead of using the local CID, we are using the global stone to use in context and everything
will continue to work as it is.
So we can still we still have the data source, actually this one text.
Now you can see here and other sources post.
So you can do post dot posts to host the supplement.
Just don't post dot posts.
That's how we accessing web.
All right.
So with this, it should work.
Let's come here.
Themed context is not defined.
Context post.
We wanted to change that.
Maybe not as heralded.
Okay.
So we followed the terms.
So we have that.
So here.
In the admin post.
So we did that.
Now to show the length until we have to do post dot posts.
Don't leave now.
If you don't like to do that, you can actually.
Let's undo it once.
Leave it like this.
We will end this post.
All right.
What you can do is you can distribute this value from the post here.
Okay, so once we know we have the posts inside this post so we can post destructor and so that way
you don't have to change any code down here.
All right, so let me just give it to you first.
All right.
Well done, kid.
So before Slim comes along and, you know, for some context.
We've got that undefined.
Let's just try it post.
Okay.
So we have the post and to have the post.
Posts from context.
All right.
So I just realize we are using the post data.
Now, we can't actually do that because now the said post is a context for content and that can update
the post and categories both.
So let me just quickly go there.
Now we can just use set post because now it has two properties post and category.
So we have to go one step deeper.
So what are we going to do here is set post.
Let's use at a function here.
It's a previous variable.
We have the return, we spread out the previous value of whatever we have, the categories, whatever
is that.
We don't want to do anything with that.
So we spread out and we just want to update the post post and that would be done.
So this one has to be in it in the parentheses.
Okay.
So we're using the arrow function to previous for the we have the categories or any other thing we separate
out.
We don't do anything with that.
We just want to upgrade the post with this value duh again.
So with that we should have the post doc post this time.
So let's try naming it on an event and post from context.
You're going to put some context.
Let me just give a reference.
So forced from context.
We have the post and the categories.
So you can see post is we have the seven items as posts, array and categories.
We don't have anything at the moment.
All right.
So that's great.
We have been successfully oh, now uplift our state from our component level to the global level using
the context, a limited system event.
So it distorts, of course from the post.
And then we just we update that to using use effect and then we render we didn't make any change here
because we already do structure this.
So it just works like that.
Now the next thing we want to do is go to categories.
And in here in this index space, we want to do the same thing.
So lift the step from here to the post context.